README.md, before:

The start of it all!!!

This is a Homage to one of the first games I played on the phone (old nokia phones) Snake!!!

- Game play - 
"The object of the game is to eat the dots and grow the Snake as long as you can with out hitting the walls or any part of the Snake's growing body."

- Game controls -
We will be using the Arrow keys on the key board
up arrow = Up
Down arrow = Down
Left arrow = left
Right arrow = Right

Once you have had a game over yuou can fill in the player information and click the submit score buton.

Happy hunting dots!!!!

Refrences to Sites used. 
https://www.w3schools.com/ & https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/ these were the main source of information.

1. This site was used to explain canvas. "https://www.w3schools.com/html/html5_canvas.asp"
2. This site was used for adding the aduio clip. "https://www.w3schools.com/html/html5_audio.asp"
3. The jungle sound was pulled from. "https://pixabay.com/sound-effects/search/jungle/" 
4. The gulp sound was pulled from. "https://pixabay.com/sound-effects/search/gulp/"

Commit message:

Updated the read Me with some game play content and the instructions page, added some more speed increase in the JS file.

README.md, after:

The start of it all!!!

This is a Homage to one of the first games I played on the phone (old nokia phones) Snake!!!

- Game play - 
"The object of the game is to eat the dots and grow the Snake as long as you can with out hitting the walls or any part of the Snake's growing body."
Be carefull as the speed increases as you eat the dots.... 
eat 5 you will gain some speed.
eat 10 you will be slightly faster.
eat 20 you will be getting jiggy with it. 
eat 25 you might just hit a wall. 
eat 30 the party is on. 
eat 40 the snake might just break a wall!!!

- Game controls -
We will be using the Arrow keys on the key board
up arrow = Up
Down arrow = Down
Left arrow = left
Right arrow = Right

Once you have had a game over yuou can fill in the player information and click the submit score buton.

Happy hunting dots!!!!

Refrences to Sites used. 
https://www.w3schools.com/ & https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/ these were the main source of information.

1. This site was used to explain canvas. "https://www.w3schools.com/html/html5_canvas.asp"
2. This site was used for adding the aduio clip. "https://www.w3schools.com/html/html5_audio.asp"
3. The jungle sound was pulled from. "https://pixabay.com/sound-effects/search/jungle/" 
4. The gulp sound was pulled from. "https://pixabay.com/sound-effects/search/gulp/"
